# OilLamp
Reflection:
My approach to this project was to first come up with a concept. I first decided I wanted my game to have a slightly creepy feeling and then I thought about the idea of a game that tries to gaslight you. I decided I wanted to take that literally and have the player reliant on a gas lamp that claimed to last forever (but wouldn't). I had to figure out how to make GUI and how to connect it to the rest of the code (for that I needed TA hours where the TA gave me the most useful advice to run the Parser from the GUI where I could easily access the user's input). I wish I had implemented the locked door differently, so that it would be more extensible. Right now, I hard coded in the locked door to the office, and if I wanted more locked doors, I would have to add them as specific cases. If I had more time and fewer other finals I would make it so that the exitKey doesnt just record whether a door exists, but whether it is locked - so instead of a boolean, a string that would be "unlocked" , "no door", and "locked". That way you could lock/unlock any door. Another feature I wanted to add was a pen to go with the notebook so the player could take notes on the things changing around them. I would change other things with the glitches too: make the font different, make the words all lower case, change/move items from room to room, etc. My advice to my past self would be to implement the exitKey differently from the start. 
Overall I had a lot of fun with this project and I'm really happy with how it came out. Also note I drew the gas lamp myself! Enjoyed combining art with CS!

Design justification:
I knew I was going to make an Item class for objects you could interact with because I wanted each item to have various properties. I knew I wanted a location class and a floorplan class that would aggregate a bunch of locations together. I considered adding an inventory class to aggregate items in the inventory, but I decided that the items could simply be stored in an ArrayList belonging to the Character class. This is because the inventory doesn't start full, whereas there are a bunch of locations to be created. The floorplan provided a structure that would store many locations and coordinates and then could be used as a single parameter in character creation. The floorplan also didn't need to be mutable during the game. I also considered hardocoding the lamp instead of making it it's own class, but I decided that since I wanted it to respond differently to the breakIt() command, and because the lamp would always be given to the character at the start it made sense to make it extend Item.